# AI-Simulation-of-a-Human-child-using-RL

This research project comprises the simulation of an intelligent agent imitating a human child; simulation of a child's cognitive abilities within a 3-dimensional Unity environment. It illustrates if its possible for a smart agent to simulate a child's intellectual capabilities, for example, his/her behaviours, reactions, and learning curves while experiencing hazardous or random triggering situations in a real-life environment. Let's consider a scenario where a child ends up touching something hot and hurt himself/herself, a hot frying pan, for example, as a result, he/she will unmistakably hesitate while touching it again the next time if he/she recognizes that same frying pan, as he/she has already experienced its unfavourable effect. The fundamental purpose of this project is to develop an intelligent agent which would produce similar behaviours and reactions in such a situation, presented in a simulated environment. To obtain such functionalities from an artificial system, the Unity- the 3D developing environment was used, for creating the simulation, and its Unity Machine Learning Framework, for employing machine learning predefined methods and classes. Machine Learning's Reinforcement Learning algorithms were applied while developing the artificial intellect within the current system implementation. Reinforcement Learning algorithms based systems are enabled to learn from experience, reassessing and reshaping their actions and behaviours' strategy according to their reward and punishment functions. Reinforcement Learning approach, Proximal Policy Optimisation, was implemented (i.e. one of the RLs with Deep Learning); Deep Reinforcement Learning's Proximal Policy Optimisation (PPO), is one of the naval techniques introduced by combining the resources of Artificial Neural Networks' Multi-Layer Perceptron, Policy Gradient methodology with Reinforcement Learning, which, as a result, can heighten the capabilities of the current intelligent agents. The Artificial Neural Networks are proved to be useful when it comes to processing complex data and composing respectively probable features and results. Implementing them with Gradient Policy functions and RLs produce favourable outputs (i.e. Q-value outputs). Please find the whole project on https://drive.google.com/open?id=1IZ_JV3Bb09mjP7ydTswou38el1I5uqmJ

